Summer dining hours begin Thursday, May 14. 

For the full list of special schedules, closures, and location‑specific hours, please visit the official Rutgers Dining page: View Summer Operating Schedules

Dining Services
What's On the Menu?
BuschBusch
LivingstonLivingston
NeilsonNeilson
The AtriumThe Atrium
Learn more about Rutgers Dining
Rutgers Dining Services has been awarded the prestigious "Gold Distinction" for the 2026 Nutrition and Wellness Program of the Year by the National Association of College and University Food Services (NACUFS).
This national honor celebrates innovation in collegiate dining, specifically recognizing programs that successfully involve students and guests in the hands-on experience of nutrition. As the premier trade association dedicated to supporting excellence in campus dining, the NACUFS network includes more than 230 affiliated colleges and universities nationwide. This award underscores Rutgers' Dining Services' continued commitment to leading the country in culinary innovation and nutrition.

U. Dining Services announces campus-wide enhancements 
Rutgers Dining Services began a campus-wide initiative of improvements in dining spaces. The Daily Targum recently attended a dining services meeting to hear about the upgrades coming to campus, from dining hall renovations, introducing new technology and curating new menu items. Read the full article

Eat the Rainbow, Paint the Rainbow!


More than a Meal: New Data on Dining Halls, Social Connectedness, and Retention
more than a mealCampus dining halls help students build social connections that foster academic resilience, according to a new data analysis led by the Division of Student Affairs. Read the full article

Dining with a Side of Art: Rutgers Dining Services Teams Up with Scarlet Arts Rx to Connect Students to Creative Arts for Mental Health
Poor mental health is one of the top reasons students leave college. National data shows that 40 percent of students believe their mental health impacts their ability to focus, learn and perform academically “a great deal”; an additional 36 percent believe mental health impacts their college experience at least somewhat, according to a 2024 survey by Inside Higher Ed. Read the full article

 
Read all factoids about Rutgers Dining here

 

RU Express Payment Update
RU Express is currently experiencing a transaction processing issue. Our team is actively working to resolve this as quickly as possible. During this time, intermittent disruptions may persist while updates are completed and processing stabilizes.

We appreciate your patience and apologize for any inconvenience.

 

Read more

2026 End of Spring Semester Schedule
Retail Operations
Click here for our schedule.

Dining Halls
Click here for our schedule.

Upcoming Spring 2026 Special Events
MidKnight Breakfast (Spring) Monday, May 4
Last Day to use Spring 2026 Meal Plan Wednesday, May 13
Healthy Dining Team Newsletter
Read the latest Newsletter's for this month...Learn more

Quick Links
View Dining Services' commitment to sustainability
Now hiring! Visit all of our current job postings
Meal Plan questions? Click here!
Check out the Scarlet Apron Recipes!
Featured Videos

Dining Series - Elijahs Promise

Scarlet Apron - Alfredo Pasta with Shrimp and Vegetables
RU Express/Meal Plan Office
Executive Director's Office
4 Jones Ave
New Brunswick, NJ 08901

RU Express/Meal Plans: (848) 932-8041
Catering Inquiries: (848) 932-8044
Executive Director's Office: (848) 932-8469
Fax: (732) 932-3997
 

